# World Climate Interactive [Planning Meeting 2]

_Date: **2018 02 21**_

### Attended

|Name |Bath Email|
|--|--|
| Auri Bukauskas | ab697@bath.ac.uk |
| Steve Davey | smd50@bath.ac.uk |
| Alastair Marsh | am2263@bath.ac.uk |


## Agenda

### Catchup

1. Event is scheduled: **April 18 14:15-16:05 CB 5.12** (We have CB 5.12 from 13:00-17:00).
2. Shorter format (only ~2 hours!)
3. Roles (see [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1R17N4lF4La5fZJ8VGqeBig48MHRJgRMLmvZigt6J-to/edit#gid=0))

### Food

What sort of food do we expect to get and how much will it cost?

Also, we should check [room food policy](http://www.bath.ac.uk/timetable/Food%20and%20drink%20policy.pdf)

Use  [Google Spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1R17N4lF4La5fZJ8VGqeBig48MHRJgRMLmvZigt6J-to/edit#gid=0) to calculate the estimated cost.

**We need someone to take on the role of ordering food, making sure it arrives on the day, and billing it / getting it reimbursed.**

### Funding 

Where will we get funding for the food?

### Materials

Steve is coordinating materials. If anyone has materials to contribute please chat with Steve.


### Publicity

Niall, do you need any more details for publicity? Do you need help printing,  distributing materials or otherwise?

Niall says: are there any additional details which we want to work into the poster or pub materials?

### SiP Involvement

Maya, does SiP want to get involved, and if so, how? : )

### Trial Game

In Westgate because there is food, beverages, and plenty of space : )

See [Doodle Poll](https://doodle.com/poll/ym3dxr5uxys5766b)

---

## Notes

### Catchup

Facilitation group should be gender-balanced.

### Food

Just snacks.

Alastair will track down an urn. 

Snacks should be differentiated according to developed vs. developing.

### Funding 

We should get in touch with P Keevil about potential funding contribution.

Bath Sustainability Postgraduates has budget left over from Teaching Development Fund (~Â£100.)  Richard Baxter knows about this.

We could dip into this...

### Materials

Steve says: let's allocate a cupboard in 4ES 5.21 to store stuff related to the event. Easiest to keep track of stuff that way.

Background music for the event during the beginning to get people into the mood of negotiations. (Makes people more comfortable conversing)

West wing sountrack?

Countdown music for final

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=M2dhD9zR6hk

+

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzNzgsAE4F0

OMG amaze.

### Publicity

Alastair suggested that participants could a small item of some kind to take home as a mental reminder of the event. 

A little branded something, or a "I promise to ... " style thing.

Also - it might be cool if the event ended with all of the participants signing a big blown up agreement or something. 

Channels: 
* Posters on parade
* Doctoral Digest emails
* Twitter 
* Facebook
* other social media
* Societies:
  * SiP - **Maya** 
  * People and Planet - **Ben Brown**
  * Any politics societies? - **Richard Baxter?** 
  * Chinese Students and Scholars - **Wen Kai?**

We created an EventBrite.

### SiP Involvement

Maya's not here.

### Trial Game

Trial game - **Sunday Feb 25 4-6 PM** at Steve's flat (right above the Nest)  - https://doodle.com/poll/ym3dxr5uxys5766b

Could people please confirm attendance for this?

Auri should print out materials for the trial game.

### Next Meeting

Feb 28 6-7 PM 8W 2.21

Agenda: 
 * review what we've learned from the trial game
 * finalise / clarify funding sources?
 * finalise / clarify food-related stuff
